Implement heartbeat check (#729)
greenbone/openvas-scanner: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Add support for volatile keys. [#682](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas/pull/682)
- Extend nasl lint to check Syntax for Arguments for script_xref() function. [#714](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas/pull/714)

> - Add heartbeat check. [#729](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas/pull/729)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recheck alive status of host with specified amount of NVT timeouts. [#729](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas/pull/729)
```
